{
  "_url": "https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues/5786",
  "author": "bergmeister",
  "body": "## PR Summary\r\n Since Pester is not a submodule any more, replace submodule example in git submodule docs/FAQ.md with the only left over submodule src/libpsl-native/test/googletest\r\n\r\n## PR Checklist\r\n\r\nNote: Please mark anything not applicable to this PR `NA`.\r\n\r\n- [x] [PR has a meaningful title](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-request---submission)\r\n    - [x] Use the present tense and imperative mood when describing your changes\r\n- [x] [Summarized changes](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-request---submission)\r\n- [ ] NA User facing [Documentation needed](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-request---submission)\r\n    - [ ] NA Issue filed - Issue link:\r\n- [x] NA [Change is not breaking](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#making-breaking-changes)\r\n- [ ] NA [Make sure you've added a new test if existing tests do not effectively test the code changed](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#before-submitting)\r\n    - [ ] NA [Add `[feature]` if the change is significant or affectes feature tests](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/docs/testing-guidelines/testing-guidelines.md#requesting-additional-tests-for-a-pr)\r\n- [x] This PR is ready to merge and is not [Work in Progress](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-request---work-in-progress).\r\n    - If the PR is work in progress, please add the prefix `WIP:` to the beginning of the title and remove the prefix when the PR is ready.\r\n",
  "closed_at": "2018-01-05T20:29:56Z",
  "comments": [
    {
      "author": "iSazonov",
      "author_association": "COLLABORATOR",
      "body": "Googletests has a nuget package https://www.nuget.org/packages/googletest/ - we could remove the submodule too.\r\n\r\n/cc @SteveL-MSFT @TravisEz13 \r\n  ",
      "created_at": "2018-01-05T18:46:31Z",
      "updated_at": "2018-01-05T18:49:02Z"
    },
    {
      "author": "TravisEz13",
      "author_association": "MEMBER",
      "body": "@iSazonov could you file an issue for that?",
      "created_at": "2018-01-05T20:28:28Z",
      "updated_at": "2018-01-05T20:28:28Z"
    }
  ],
  "created_at": "2018-01-04T06:55:47Z",
  "number": 5786,
  "state": "closed",
  "title": "Developer documentation update for git submodules",
  "updated_at": "2018-01-06T00:11:39Z"
}